samples/96b_argonkey: divided test into sensor and microphone (#11188)
zephyrproject-rtos/zephyr: samples/boards/96b_argonkey/sensors/README.rst

Requirements
************

> This sample just requires the ArgonKey board. The board can be fed

Reviewer: You mention later you'll need a USB to TTL 1V8 serial cable.

Also, by "fed" do you mean "powered"?

in either one of the following two ways:

- mezzanine mode, plugging the ArgonKey to HiKey board thru its 96Board
  low-speed connector

> - standalone mode, feeding directly 5V on P1 connector

Reviewer: should "feeding"  be "powering"?

********************

 .. zephyr-app-commands::

>     :zephyr-app: samples/boards/96b_argonkey/sensors

Reviewer: The ``.. zephyr-app-command`` directive above should not be indented by a space.

Sample Output
=============

A USB to TTL 1V8 serial cable may be attached to the low speed connector on
the back of the board on P3.5 (TX) and P3.7 (RX). User may use a simple

> terminal emulator like minicom to capture the output.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
terminal emulator, such as minicom, to capture the output.
```

> 

Reviewer: The ``.. code-block`` directive below should not be indented by a space.  Can you also fix the indent on the code-block on line 23.
